hello welcome to a new one
video of me today but in the
So turf will not be a tutorial face
of the day but just into the concrete and
have the theme sgb ii show the front
few days on the other
understandably took place coast of
Belgium and the coalition
I did not expect it to be that way
extremely gaudy extremely colorful many
use the word techno in the
connection with the collection for me
is in the rainbow fish world
collection very irritating metallic
very bright colors the heart was for
me probably the pee metallic jabari
trenchcoat is just a thing going on
even my make-up on me, I have quasi
came from these inspired
you have to remember, of course, is natural
no autumn winter but the spring
summer 2013 collection for that very reason
the colors are not as early especially
me yes and otherwise another tip
I try of course I live in a
to link in the show folds that
have not seen to the livestream
very big ones are all great love
in any case, also for the show music
Everything for the first two years
i'm looking at mozart cloud or good thing
also a single link at really that
my autumn songs compared to the
very cheerful sparkling cheeky
colorful collection because this yes
but a bit carry very much
nice and can be like a heart for me
lungs can be just perfect but show
I you the make-up times of for you
at the heart of the collection is probably one
extremely clinker really hot pink
grapefruit and yes in a comprehensive way
I now to one determined by
He georgia already it is almost
really like a fist on the eye
that's that color and that's very
intense though she is also very light
of feeling he
and somehow ii fits perfectly for me
just on this trenchcoat and this one
iridescent lux and bit too
I got it from essens here
the cherry blossom girl
a highlight of the brush taken and
that 's just one of them when you're downstairs
then the liquid comes out and
I have that first under the eye and
on the whole eyelid out in the
crease distributed as I have here
pigment by mckinnon, unfortunately I know
that is because i put these into single ones
stepic you've transferred it evil
at least this purple show you
but still say my recording and
yes, I know that has the
Collection of these rules about fish
remembered history and therefore have
I took a lot of colors as much
irritate have subsided with
a globe pigment and that's how it is
perfect alien the pigment because that
changed from rosalia to green and
dark blue and is one of my absolute
do not bring but out to this has
pink I finally by me on
super nova chosen as a place
i have drawn contour performance
but of course with
neutral driver and the two fit
really good together because of it
yes a very difficult very metallic
I also had him as a highlighter
something was taken which was always and not
directly metallic also very nice
is quiet and although by max gives finish
exactly porcelain pink means that
clarity part truths mascara -
they have been in bayern for a very long time
heart lies I have always test
wanted
while others test by make a
factory orders camelot idpro and that was
now really excited the brush
because somehow exerts not got something
I have not had such a longer time now
bit grips and companies almost want
I say
and that is waterproof I had it
So you do not try to get it off
I do not want my mother there yet
solve yes I do not know if it you
but I'm wearing mine
hair is a bit different today as well
similar to the london fashion week though
I have not in the fall into what
you been reading a article about leaks
and drive versions for you there just now
also worn on the shirts and that
was her interpretation of one
Dutt and with a year of idm not
It's all arranged and I believe it
would now often wear it again
with this very minimalist the
flat pony is one but a bit
Restricted you can see all eye make-up
unfortunately not always so good if you are more
We give you money that I like
the ponies on so a bit more open and
a little bit of a different year I say
now so much less effort
you liked the video and we did
see you again tomorrow